hey film freaks i'm your host patrick
and today
we're covering a 2020 comedy horror
movie called
spree the first scene pops up with a
young man introducing himself
as curt who has an online social media
channel called kurt's world
he starts depicting his life as he moved
with his parents from los angeles to
azusa
all the time he's active on social media
he's live
24 7 and recording every aspect his
stories include his dogs or his dad in
the studio
he explains that his parents had a
divorce and he lived with his mom for a
while
later he finds his interest in video
gaming and he records that activity as
well
he goes into various other things trying
to make his name in the social
media industry he attempts to make
soundtracks starts the product reviews
and gets into babysitting
his kids are a great source of enjoyable
content his first kid is a teenager
named bobby
bobby is an online streamer he plays
video games and shows it live on social
media
bobby also has a significant number of
following and due to that reason
kurt tries to become a part of it by
including bobby in his own live video
but instead of acknowledging and helping
bobby just waves him off angrily
and shouts at him for double dipping his
stream meanwhile
kurt keeps on experimenting new things
and he goes on to become a spree driver
a cab driver who picks up passengers and
drops them off at their destination
meanwhile it's been 10 years since kurt
kungle is trying to make a name on
social media
but all his efforts are in vain as he's
gained minimum to zero followers or fans
after all of his unsuccessful
engagements to attain fame
kurt goes into solitude as he sees that
there's nothing working out for him
after some time he posts a video stating
that something has sparked his mind that
will grab the audience and will be able
to make him viral
he calls his strategy the lesson which
he'll perform from the front
seat of his spray in april 2019 kurt
finally went viral
he starts his video by turning to his
audience and introduces himself
as curt in the following clip he's
sitting at the back seat of his car
and explaining that he has prepared the
water bottles for his passengers
and later states that you have to get
your camera set up as you have to
document everything
he then settles in and drives to meet
his mom he's still on camera when his
mom calls him
and he runs after her later he comes out
with the bracelet and hangs it around
the rear view mirror
afterwards he starts his drive as his
first passenger for spree
he picks up a guy named frederick
frederick tells him that he has to go to
highland park
later he notices all the six cameras
around and asks him what this is all
about
kurt simply says that all of this is for
his protection
while they talk along frederick remarks
that he is going to make a speech in
front of 3 000 people
kurt admires him for having a huge
following later
it's revealed that frederick is a white
supremacist and racist
he also compels kurt to believe that the
white dresses are superior to every race
in response kurt simply refuses to take
his ideas and remarks that he needs to
stop it he then explains that bobby budd
lee
is on his life and the scene shifts off
to bobby and his multiple videos
him on a hoverboard stealing people's
phones for fun him at a hotel and what
not
and as bobby himself is a very great
influencer the racist comments will
shove him away
and in turn cause kurt's ratings to drop
meanwhile as they go on
kurt starts driving rashly just to spice
things up for his fans
as they speed along frederick is scared
and ghost breathless
kurt advises him to take a sip of the
water bottle to which frederick agrees
and drinks it he claims that the water
seems different but kurt replies in
indifference
with a blast in the past it's revealed
that kurt has injected all the water
bottles with poison
meanwhile back at spree frederick starts
coughing and tries to open the door
but all in vain he kicks around as his
breath gets caught
and he dies in the back seat of kurt's
car in a psychotic manner
kurt enjoys himself on friedrichs death
and shows a victory sign
later he claims that one is down many
more to go
for his next trip he picks up a woman
named andrea
she puts her stuff in the trunk and as
she sits inside
she's in a heated argument with her
husband during her call
she grabs a water bottle and takes a
gulp just as it's expected
after some time she's unconscious in the
back seat of the car
kurt sits beside her and unlocks her
phone while he's doing a psychotic
adventure
he gets a call from his father which he
rejects he then gives himself a 5 star
rating from andrea's phone and all by
himself
replies abusively to her husband who's
texting her
the next scene shows kurt in his car
playing a hideous soundtrack
a guy sits in the back seat minding his
own business kurt tries to gain his
attention by telling him that the music
on the radio is his own mix
kurt enjoys himself on his stupid and
senseless audio track
while they're stuck in traffic the
passenger starts getting impatient and
says he has to be somewhere as they move
along
another passenger's request pops up on
the spree app asking to join the ride
kurt adopts another route that leads to
the next passenger's destination
the guy mario gets frustrated but kurt
simply replies that he ordered spree
social
and that's what he's going to put up
with as they move through the parking
lot
they see the girl named jessie who's
waiting for them kurt pulls up beside
her
but one look at them and jesse moves
away mario urges her to pick her up
and he goes after her again jesse
replies that she has canceled the ride
but he takes it on himself as jesse
settles in
kurt blasts music and mario tells him to
shut it off
as the music turns down mario recognizes
jesse as a comedian with the mega
following
kurt gets interested and converses with
her about her success
in the meantime mario starts filming and
tells everybody on the camera
that he's with jesse adams which pisses
her off she gets into an argument with
mario
she then goes live on instagram and
shows everyone the stupid face of mario
and how he's been troubling her while
they're arguing mario remarks that being
insta-famous
has got into her head kurt instantly
stops a car and asks mario to get out
instead of him jessie leaves the car and
on her way out
she grabs one bottle throws the water on
mario's face
and leaves after this embarrassing
incident both of them start their
journey again
kurt takes him along a deserted road
stating that it's a shortcut
mario starts throwing up and kurt gets
angry and asks him to go out to clear
himself
as the car stops mario goes out to take
a piss and kurt then reverses the car
and smashes into him
the body flies over and drops on the
roof he again reverses the car and as
mario falls on the ground
kurt drives forward and enjoys himself
as he runs the car
over mario's body that night kurt turns
on the leds in his interior and then
watches various videos of jesse adams as
she stands on the stage
as a stand-up comedian and performs her
act later
kurt is filling up the car and bobby
makes film on this live stream
as he's the only one watching kurt tries
to make his point that his shitty
content is somehow good
while bobby keeps on roasting him
meanwhile a cop at the gas station ice
curd suspiciously
as he explains himself on the live
stream bobby then suggests a youtube
video
about helping the homeless he then
explains that it's all fake and staged
bobby also comments that kurt should do
something exciting
and post wtf moment content otherwise
it won't work that night kurt picks up
three people and rushes down a boulevard
the passengers are pissing their pants
at kurt's rash driving
but he assures them it's fine one of the
girls comes forward
up beside kurt and admires his sense of
adventure he then
offers them to go to a secluded place
for some adventure
they all agree and as they reach there
kurt asked the ones in the back seat to
get out of the sunroof
and enjoy their moment the couple goes
live on instagram
and they start to enjoy themselves
meanwhile the girl named london
sits beside kurt as he explains how he
grew up in this place
while they're talking he speeds up and
breaks a gate and they enter a junkyard
he asks london to get herself out of the
window and enjoy the scene
but he stops at the place and they get
attacked by wild pitbulls
london shrieks and rolls up the window
after getting back inside
meanwhile kurt closes the glass around a
couple as two dogs climb up the roof and
attack them
as they get raided by the beast kurt
pulls out a drill machine and murders
london
the next scene shows curt going through
a car wash and cleaning all the
bloodshed
in the meantime he calls bobby and asks
if he saw the most amazing killing spree
of his time bobby just replies casually
that it means nothing as nobody sighed
kurt gets angry and as he leaves the car
wash he looks up at jesse adams content
most crawling he sees her go live on
instagram he joins the call to witness
that there's nothing special about her
content
she says she's going to joke bros and
later she's only filming the moments
with her grandmother
but hundreds of people are admiring her
he gets jealous and complains about why
she's getting so much attention
without even doing much whereas he's
here busting his ass trying to attain
fame he gets furious and says that it
isn't fair at all
meanwhile jessie is at her room trying
to decide an address
and side by side kurt's also on live
while he visits the house
and knocks in the door on her live
stream jesse hears a knock and is
suspicious who would come at this hour
at the same time kurt is waiting outside
for the door to open up
jesse goes down and opens to find a
random dude at her doorstep and it's
revealed that kurt
is actually at bobby's house he live
streams him and tells him how he has
figured out everything
he then asks bobby to give him a good
introduction which bobby does
he roasts the [ __ ] out of kurt by
telling everyone on the live stream
that he was with his babysitter and now
has some insane obsession with going
famous and in the name of attention
seeking he's doing insanely illegal
things
he goes on roasting but kurt pulls out a
knife and stabs him
bobby goes down as kurt live streams
everything the comments nice videos
start appearing with mixed views
some are calling it fake while some are
enjoying the show as a prank
meanwhile bobby struggles and gets out a
gun from the cabinet
as he tries to shoot curt grabs the gun
from his hand and in their fight
shots are fired kurt then overpowers him
and kills bobby
and shows his blood splattered face on
the live stream
back at jesse's live show she's in the
car with that dude and they're on their
way to joke bros
while she's live on instagram the guy
named miles makes weird attempts on her
and tells her that he's being paid for
being so talkative back at bobby's place
kurt is washing himself up in the shower
and showing it on live stream
upon looking at the stars and having
more than 100 people in his life
he rejoices and triumphs after getting
out from the shower
he claims that he's taken over bobby's
setup and put himself live from his
channel
while around 4 000 people are watching
him he gets a text from his dad to come
pick him up to go to the club and see
uno
a very famous influencer as kurt picks
up his dad
he gets in an argument regarding his
mother they both quarrel about it
and suddenly kurt's dad finds a gun in
the glove box
he inquires why he has the gun with them
to which kurt replies
it's for his own safety he also explains
that the spree job might make him come
across
thugs and for that purpose he keeps a
gun as they drive along
kurt breaks multiple signals and crosses
the red lights
they finally reach the club and chris
goes live kurt sees the club to realize
it's a strip club not a dance club they
both meet uno
and her friends kurt requests her to
come in his slime feed
and mention him as she does that the
comments start popping up about how hot
uno is
after a while kurt leaves and as he sits
in his car
unu arrives and asks him to take her to
a taco truck
they go to the place and unu gets her
pictures taken by kurt while he's in the
waiting line
uno gets the pistol from his dashboard
and snaps herself
while going live as well in the meantime
kurt grabs the food and back in the car
uno takes a sip from the water bottle
already in the car
she starts to cough and as kurt returns
he finds her unconscious
just as he's looking at her two cops
pull up and interrogate him
if they ask him to come out and they
perform the sobriety test on him
has one of the police officers come up
to uno she suddenly wakes up
and in her bewilderment takes out the
gun and shoots one officer in the head
immediately afterwards she flees from
the scene meanwhile kurt gets back into
his car
but is chased by the cops he drives on
the wrong side of the highway
and broadcasts everything live he's
excited as his followers and viewers
increase
and keeps on weaving through the traffic
in a very dangerous manner
after a long chase he gets off the
highway and while he's boasting himself
on the live feed he drives into a
construction area
where his car topples and crashes upside
down the scene shifts at joke bros
where miles is trying very hard to make
the audience laugh but it doesn't work
at all
he then welcomes jesse adams on the
stage and everyone is hyped up
she hypes them up even more in her
signature style
suddenly kurt comes back on his live
feed and the 30 000 people watching
expressed their excitement for him being
alive after his incident
while everybody is live streaming her on
social media jessie explains the
incident she had with kurt
during her spree ride kurt gets
frustrated with her roasting and making
fun of him and is about to shoot her
when she rearranges her words she
explains how she was just like kurt
in the start and how we're desperate for
attention
she then announces her retirement from
social media by breaking her phone
upon all that flow of events kurt
decides not to shoot her and leaves the
house
while backstage miles films jessie and
hypes up
and she gets extremely agitated and
leaves back on the road
kurt orders a taxi as he settles in he
converses with the old guy and after
some time
he wickedly steals a car from him
meanwhile back at the club
miles is making his attempts on jessie
and asks her if he can drop her home
instead of going with him she orders a
taxi and leaves
as she sits inside it's revealed that
curtis who picked her up
he then converses with her and reminds
her that they've met before
jessie starts to get uncomfortable when
kurt drives the wrong way
she asks him to stop the car but he
keeps on driving and talking
she further freaks out as kurt states
he's taking her to his house
suddenly in her defense she grabs a wire
and tries to choke kurt
he punches her in reaction and she goes
unconscious
kurt then picks her up and lays her in
front of the car the maniac then pulls a
poll on social media to ask the audience
what they want him to do to jesse
whether to [ __ ] her marry her
or kill her the maximum pole goes for
the kill he then drives ahead to run her
over
but jessie disappears kurt leaves the
car to look for her but she comes back
from the other side
and sits inside she presses the pedal to
overrun kurt but he darts towards his
house
jesse chases him in the car but crashes
it in the living room
as the car gets to a halt in the broken
wall kurt comes near her and assaults
her but she hits him back
and he runs off to another room jesse
all disheveled and freaked out
gets out to look around when kurt's dad
comes in all drunk
and high on drugs he exclaims what she
has done
jesse retreats and trips over a dead
body of a woman
chris cries upon the sight of the dead
body the woman is actually kurt's mother
meanwhile kurt comes out of a room and
grabs a gun from the car
he shoots his dad timing again it's then
revealed that kurt killed his own mother
earlier
in the interim jesse scampers past him
and starts the car
kurt sees her and tries to shoot her but
the gun goes empty
jessie reverses a car to escape but it
gets stuck
she then accelerates forward and hits
curt she keeps on dragging until he's
crushed against the wall
meanwhile the viewers online get hyped
up and request jessie to go and see if
he's alive
she slowly gets out approaches him and
hits him hard in the face
while 50 000 people watch jessie shows
the butchered face of kurt
and smiles at the camera she snaps the
picture and posts it on their social
media
and afterwards a flurry of internet
emotions and reactions start
social media starts to top trends for
kurt kunkel and the whole industry
floods with his stories
actions and ruthless adventures drop a
comment below letting me know how you
found the video
make sure to like subscribe and ring the
notification bell
thanks for watching guys